hi I'm BG retro do I need to say
anything else
Mickey Mania on the sega mega drive was
just awesome and why well because it
just was that's why in a great music the
graphics were sweet the controls were
simple and most importantly it played
great you seriously haven't lived until
you've played Mickey Mania but there are
three other ways that you can play
Mickey Mania you can own either the
Super Nintendo version PlayStation or
make a CD now in comparison with the
Mega Drive all these three versions have
their subtle differences and to start
with we're going to be talking about the
mega CD now I know what you're all gonna
say mega CDs sucked but in spite of this
I liked the console now the mega CD game
has very slight differences I mean
graphics wise it's identical to the Mega
Drive but sound wise well listen for
yourself
isn't that music just great in this
version yeah Mickey speaks musicality
well how about the addition of a brand
new level and unlike most expanded games
this level is a great one you have to
swing across chains and collect pencils
from each side of the room each time you
collect one what if the Mickey's from
the previous levels appears and attacks
the big mean Pete and after all of them
are played their passing helping you you
resume your normal back in the fighting
Pete other than that though there really
isn't that much to say but I will say
this I am very lucky to have this game I
mean here in the United Kingdom
it's so rare and expensive that how can
I describe it let me put it this way
it's easier to buy secret of mana for
the Super Nintendo than it is to buy
this the American Sega CD Mickey Mania
is very easy to come across you can just
search it on eBay and find it for $10 at
the very least but the PAL version is so
obscured that it can go for prices close
to 60 to 100 pounds ok now we've got to
move on but let me put it this way it's
a great game I give it a thumbs up
moving on to the PlayStation now I've
got a comment right away that it was
only released in Europe and Australia as
a kind of simple port to the PlayStation
console but with that said is it any
good the biggest and most immediate
change to the game is its actual name
Mickey's wild adventure what's wrong
with Mickey Mania honestly but the next
biggest change is the change in the
graphics this is 32-bit Mickey Mania
I mean we see how radically different
some levels are most notably the nebula
stairwells in the chase with the moose
speaking in the moose chase there is
another new level for level 5 where
you're being chased by really the giant
that big lug he'll never catch me
oh I've also got to address the
considerable increase in difficulty that
this game is taken granted the Mega
Drive game was pretty difficult this
game seriously takes the cake it's one
of those games where you have to
complete it on hard mode to see the end
of the game but even then it takes a lot
of patience to get through the whole
game even on the easiest setting
remember just because a game is hard it
doesn't make it bad don't get me wrong
but there is a limit to that and this
game is very um very unfortunate in this
regard I mean sure the graphics
improvement is a nice touch but the
difficulty increase was definitely not a
good idea
now before you complain saying that I
suck at the game you got to remember
that the target audience is kids and if
I can't beat it how are they supposed to
I don't know but what I do know is that
this game is an unfortunate thumbs down
sorry Mickey now let's play the Super
Nintendo version now this version of
Mickey Mania is widely regarded as being
one of the worst versions but why I mean
we all know how great Super Nintendo is
delivering greats like Super Mario World
and Link to the Past
I've be on my future lists so this game
can't be that bad right
hmm well my first problem and certainly
one of the biggest changes in comparison
with a Mega Drive is the addition of a
loading screen seriously a loading
screen why would a cartridge based game
need a loading screen it just makes no
sense the music quality isn't that
pleasing either I mean compared to the
other versions of course the gameplay
itself is not much different but the
controls are very stiff it's hard to it
enemies with marbles and sometimes you
can miss your targets very easily
those loading screens are really
starting to annoy me now I mean why are
they there even the disk based versions
of the game load faster than this at one
point I decided that the reason the
loading screens were there was because
the game was huge I mean the other
versions added new levels of the game so
this one might have something new as
well right well no in fact they even
removed a level one of the stairwells
and they were my favorite levels and one
of them has now gone I mean that's not
fair but I must admit I don't hate this
game it's just like James Bond the duel
it's okay but there are problems overall
it's not good but it's definitely not
the worst Mickey Mania so if you want to
get Mickey Mania stick to the Mega Drive
game but if you don't own a Mega Drive
the Super Nintendo want will do if
you're a collector you might want to get
your hands on the mega-cd game but don't
bother picking up the PlayStation 1
but anyway that's Mickey man you're out
the way next time I'll just be a game